---
title: "Research"
---

We are currently working on a range of projects aimed at addressing and overcoming fundamental hurdles in modern neuroscience. This often involves open-source tool/technique development that is directly driven by specific, open questions in neuroscience. We then use these novel tools in lab and in collaboration with other groups to investigate neurological function within the context of complex behavior. Our research is open-source and highly collaborative and multi-disciplinary by nature.

Some research projects and areas of interest are outlined below:
* A full redesign of the Miniscope system, implementing all new optics, electronics, and software to address the approaching limitations inherent in current miniature microscopy platforms. This system extends the imaging capabilities of miniature microscopes to include larger fields-of-view (FOV), structured illumination, electrical focusing and FOV translation, multichannel excitation and detection, and native support for all previous Miniscope advancements. In addition, the system is being built as flexible hardware/software modules to allow for quick adaptation of future features.
* Supported by our NSF NeuroNex Technology Hub, we are developing new Miniscopes that integrate electrophysiology recording in parallel with imaging. We currently are able to recording 32 electrode channels (with Tetrodes and/or Silicon probes) in conjunction with calcium imaging and are working on systems capable of reaching upwards of 192 electrode channels. As part of this project we are also designing a module capable of light-field microscopy and hardware for real-time processing of imaging data to drive optogenetic, electrical, and behavioral feedback.
* Supported by the BRAIN Initiative and in collaboration with Dr. Michele Basso and Dr. Peyman Golshani, we are developing Miniscopes specifically for larger animal models such as rhesus macaque monkeys and marmosets. This project will generate longitudinal data sets of tens of thousands of neurons in monkeys performing freely behaving tasks. With the relaxed size and weight constrains that come with larger animal models, we are expanding the FOV to 30 times that of the standard Miniscope, incorporating all wireless data transmission, and adding microfluidic drug delivery channels. Within this project we are also developing deep brain optical implants and surgical protocols to support chronic multi-region imaging.
* In a collaboration with Jon Newman, Jack Zhang, and Jakob Voigts at Open Ephys we are developing a new neuroscience data acquisition system. This system will replace previous Miniscope DAQ systems as well as many other DAQ systems currently in neuroscience labs. This system will be a central, affordable, and powerful open-source DAQ and programming/software package to handle both neural and behavioral recording/feedback. This system will be able to interface with hundreds of devices and is the first DAQ of its kind to truly integrate neural recording with behavior.
* Wire-free Miniscopes
* Spatial light modulation Miniscopes
* System capable of long term imaging in naturally behaving animals
* Multichannel Miniscopes
